Update configure-real-time-protection-microsoft-defender-antivirus.md (#5600)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/configure-real-time-protection-microsoft-defender-antivirus.md

       | Monitor file and program activity on your computer | The Microsoft Defender Antivirus engine makes note of any file changes (file writes, such as moves, copies, or modifications) and general program activity (programs that are opened or running and that cause other programs to run). | Enabled |
       | Turn on raw volume write notifications | Information about raw volume writes will be analyzed by behavior monitoring. | Enabled |
       | Turn on process scanning whenever real-time protection is enabled | You can independently enable the Microsoft Defender Antivirus engine to scan running processes for suspicious modifications or behaviors. This is useful if you have temporarily disabled real-time protection and want to automatically scan processes that started while it was disabled. | Enabled |

>        | Define the maximum size of downloaded files and attachments to be scanned | You can define the size in kilobytes. Max Value is 10000000.  | Enabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       | Define the maximum size of downloaded files and attachments to be scanned | You can define the size in kilobytes. The maximum value is 10,000,000.  | Enabled |
```
